# List and describe at least 5 topics that we discussed in class that you know very well. Each description should be at least 1 paragraph with two to five sentences.
1. **If-Else [If] Statements** - I am confident in understanding if-else [if] statements, because they allow me to decide the outcome of my code running. I find it interesting because after you check for a condition, if the design parameters work in accordance with your code condition, it will run a block of code based on it, if the response is true or false, and so on, based on your code. It is a way to make the code feel a little more intelligent and inviting to a user experience, and it is easy to write and use.
2. **Input/Output Statements** - I find I/O statements incredibly simple to use because they bring life to programs by allowing users to enter input and see results. In C++, using `cin` and `cout` also feels easy to me. I can watch the program do its thing right before my eyes. This portion is really simple and allows me to test my code and understand my code at the same time.
3. **Comparison and Logical Operators** - It is not difficult for me to remember the comparison and logical operator concepts since I am constantly using them in my conditional statements. They seem easy for me to remember, and I like that they return either a true or false value to direct the next steps. I like the power to be able to use `&&`, `||`, and `!`, and I enjoy putting several checks together in my conditional statement if I can.
4. **Switch Statements** - I like using switch statements when I have a lot of different options to check. I much prefer a switch statement to a big mess of if-else statements. Switch statements are simple to read, which makes my programs easier to troubleshoot and read.
5. **For Loop Statements** - I choose to use for loops because it has the start, condition, and update in one single place. It makes repeating a thing predictable to me, because it makes sense. Any time I am counting, going through an array, or simply repeating the same line, with some modification or no modification, it is all so easy to use a for loop.

# List at least 5 topics that you know and can describe but needs further practice/discussion and why.  The why should be per topic listed.  
1. I do not need further practice/discussion on any topics! I understand everything that was discussed and taught, and I was able to practice through our coding exercises, bonus activities, and class discussions. Sir Roy was able to clear up any confusion I had with the topics and made sure everyone understood them.

# Describe on what will be your plan of action in order to help yourself in understanding further the topics listed on the second items.
1. To further understand topics that I may not understand well enough, I will make sure to read through any resources uploaded in Khub and also any notes or websites Sir Roy sends in our GSpace. I will also work on exercises, whether graded exercises or not, and any bonus activities that Sir Roy gives, to help practice my understanding of the different topics. I will also use external resources, such as [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/), to help find explanations or clarify the topic I do not understand. 

# In the activities that were done in class, list at least two that you think were effective and at least two that you think not effective in helping you understand topics in our course and why?
1. Effective:
* Hard‑Coded Word Guessing Game (Bonus Activity) - I found this activity effective in class because it was done right before our Summative Assessments (Exam), and I was able to review lessons, topics, and coding techniques in completing it. It helped me start my review and motivated me to understand the topics I noticed that I had a hard time understanding.
* HTML & CSS Series (5 Part Bonus Activity) - I found this effective because each part helped me further understand the topics discussed, as well as apply them in coding. It took me a long time to finish these, but it was worth it because of the bonus, as well as the level of understanding I was able to achieve, and the large amount of creativity I put into finishing each part.
2. Not Effective:
* I did not find any activities that were not effective in helping me understand topics in our course because they all allowed me to practice what I have learned and see what topics I needed to improve on. I took these as learning opportunities, and they were able to help me master and fully understand our topics.
